while you were busy courting death by
fire works all weekend you probably
missed the hungry hippo of space 3d
printed light arts and the Japanese
response to a robot duel challenge
welcome to in case you missed it where
we see life is one giant pac-man game
and I'm back from vacation so say
goodbye to these guys that's it longer
than I thought switzerland's EPFL space
agency wants to capture space debris
like a hungry hungry orbital hippo the
agency aims to launch a new larger
satellite to recapture some six-year-old
mini satellites that are just hanging
out in Earth's orbit clutter on things
up it would locate the tiny cube SATs
using a high dynamic range camera then
ensnare them in an extendable net it's
like pac-man at 15,000 miles per hour
once it's full the satellite will fall
out of orbit and burn up on re-entry
sometime in 2018 when do you get when
you pull the plastic filament out of a
3d printer and sub in an LED light an
assembly line of many Tupac Holograms
not exactly instead an architect in
India has done some hacking to print 3d
images with light using just such a
setup combined with some custom code and
a DSLR the strokes of light are captured
by long exposure photography or video
and the result is a dot matrix style
hologram mecha manufacturers in Japan
have one thing to say to the American
challenge for a giant robot duel bring
it peons in a video response posted on
YouTube on Monday Shi founder slammed
not only the Americans engineering but
also up the stakes with demands for
melee combat which basically means the
robots would rip each others arms off
and stomp on their big robot faces the
robot Thunderdome will happen sometime
next year and that's all the weird stuff
we could find see you tomorrow
you